There was a sizable stain on the carpet in my room, close to the bed.
Unfortunately, a noticeable stain was on the wall beside the desk during my stay.
My experience was impacted by a notable stain on the armchair in the room.
There was a prominent stain on the curtains near the window, which was concerning.
I saw a substantial stain on the carpet near the entrance.
There was a significant stain on the walls near the bathroom area.
Unfortunately, a clear stain stood out on the upholstery of the couch in my room.
My stay was overshadowed by a sizable stain on the bedding.
There was an evident stain on the tablecloth in the dining area.
I noticed a substantial stain on the carpet near the TV stand.
There was a noticeable stain on the walls near the wardrobe.
Unfortunately, a visible stain marred the drapes by the balcony.
My experience was impacted by a noticeable stain on the lampshade.
There was a clear stain on the headboard of the bed.
I saw a substantial stain on the carpet near the seating area.
There was a noticeable stain on the walls near the mini-fridge.
Unfortunately, a visible stain tainted the upholstery of the chairs in the room.
My stay was impacted by a sizable stain on the bedding.
There was an evident stain on the table near the window.
I noticed a substantial stain on the carpet close to the bedside table.
There was a noticeable stain on the walls near the mirror.
Unfortunately, a visible stain was on the drapes near the seating area.
My experience was affected by a noticeable stain on the lampstand.
There was a clear stain on the couch in the room.
I saw a substantial stain on the carpet near the bathroom door.
There was a noticeable stain on the walls near the closet.
Unfortunately, a visible stain was on the upholstery of the dining chairs.
My stay was affected by a sizable stain on the bedding.
There was an evident stain on the tablecloth in the dining area.
I noticed a substantial stain on the carpet near the balcony door.
There were several sizable stains on the carpet in my room, near the bed.
Unfortunately, multiple noticeable stains were on the walls beside the desk during my stay.
My experience was impacted by numerous notable stains on the armchair in the room.
There were several prominent stains on the curtains near the window, which was concerning.
I saw multiple substantial stains on the carpet near the entrance.
There were significant stains on the walls near the bathroom area.
Unfortunately, clear stains stood out on the upholstery of the couch in my room.
My stay was overshadowed by several sizable stains on the bedding.
There were evident stains on the tablecloth in the dining area.
I noticed multiple substantial stains on the carpet near the TV stand.
There were noticeable stains on the walls near the wardrobe.
Unfortunately, visible stains marred the drapes by the balcony.
My experience was impacted by noticeable stains on the lampshade.
There were clear stains on the headboard of the bed.
I saw multiple substantial stains on the carpet near the seating area.
There were noticeable stains on the walls near the mini-fridge.
Unfortunately, visible stains tainted the upholstery of the chairs in the room.
My stay was impacted by several sizable stains on the bedding.
There were evident stains on the table near the window.
I noticed multiple substantial stains on the carpet close to the bedside table.
There were noticeable stains on the walls near the mirror.
Unfortunately, visible stains were on the drapes near the seating area.
My experience was affected by noticeable stains on the lampstand.
There were clear stains on the couch in the room.
I saw multiple substantial stains on the carpet near the bathroom door.
There were noticeable stains on the walls near the closet.
Unfortunately, visible stains were on the upholstery of the dining chairs.
My stay was affected by several sizable stains on the bedding.
There were evident stains on the tablecloth in the dining area.
I noticed multiple substantial stains on the carpet near the balcony door.
There were water stains on the ceiling above the shower.
There were stains all over the ceiling.
There is a huge stain on the ceiling.
There is a stain on the roof.